---
title: 托福写作范文
mathjax: true
date: 2024-08-21 21:31:37
tags: 托福
categories:
- 托福
- 写作
cover:
---
- [Education](#education)
  - [Develoment](#develoment)
    - [TPO - 55 - Field Trip](#tpo---55---field-trip)
    - [TPO - 56 - History](#tpo---56---history)
    - [TPO - 59 - Lands](#tpo---59---lands)
    - [真题76 - Funds for art](#真题76---funds-for-art)
    - [真题77 - carfree zone](#真题77---carfree-zone)
    - [真题78 - job sharing](#真题78---job-sharing)

# Education

## Develoment

### TPO - 55 - Field Trip

I believe that field trips are essential for students since it provides unique experience to students, which can **deepen their insights into** the world.

To be more specific, field trips **give students the opportunity to** have hands-on experiences **tailored to** them instead of repetitive **routine of** their school life, enriching their childhood and **broadening their horizons**. For example, a visit to  the zoo allows students to recognise various real animals in the world, **rather than** articulating the name of the animal through the picture.

Still, a voice arises that students can learn just as effectively in the classroom, using **the wealth of** online resources. However, compared to the real world, online resources updated years ago do not **deserve to be** abundant. Furthermore, some people hold the opinion that field trips can be a burden on schools and families. Ironically, such costs are nothing compared to the lifelong regret of **monotonous** experience.

### TPO - 56 - History
I believe that the study of history should be compulsory for all university students, since students can learn lessons from history, and thus become more competitive in today's rapidly changing world. 

To be more specific, history teaches students about the law of successes and failures in the past society, which can broaden their horizons and deepen their insights into their majority. For instance, Edison was famous for his invention of bulb with a series of repeated failures. While all students can learn the lesson of persistence, those studying technology would have exotic thoughts - mathematical tools can be used for experimentation, thus reducing the cycle of invention. 

Nevertheless, some may claim that students can not benefit from history of other majority, for example ,student majored in engineering would not learn lessons from studying ancient civilizations. However, as shown above, some lessons in history are common to all students, while particularly beneficial to those studying the same subject.

### TPO - 59 - Lands
I believe that saving land for animals is the most important thing, because protecting endangered animals is just protecting the future of humans. 

To be more precise, the use of land should prioritise the existence of humans and then the needs. However, if we use land for the needs of humans preferentially rather than the existence of animals, the cost is the future life of the next generation. For example, the extinction of an endangered species damages the long-term health of the ecosystem because each species plays an important role in the food chain. While the animals at the bottom of the chain are dying out, humans, the species at the top of the chain, will undoubtedly face extinction. 

However, there are those who argue that more land is needed to support the growing human population. However, there are ways in which we can control the population and opportunities for **peaceful coexistence** with other animals. If we only use land for **short-term gain**, the future could become increasingly bleak.

### 真题76 - Funds for art
I believe that governments should provide financial support to artists because artworks are beneficial to citizens' mental health and without financial support, artists cannot produce enough art production for citizens. 

To be more specific, governments should provide financial support to services that are able to improve the beneficiaries of taxpayers. Not only medical and sports services, but also intellectual production are essential for the health of citizens. There is no doubt about the importance of artworks such as paintings, sculptures and so on, so the government should support the development of art. 

Moreover, without financial support, artists cannot provide enough spiritual production. Even the most important services such as public health and education cannot live without funding, let alone art. If the government refuses to fund the arts, citizens will not pay attention to spiritual health, which has been ignored for a long time. 

Still, there are those who say that artists should make their own money. However, many public artworks depend on government funding for their production, and no artist would provide their labour for free. Governments should therefore support artists financially.

### 真题77 - carfree zone

I believe that cities should not make their central zones car-free, because it hampers the commuting of workers and many businesses depend on car transport.

To be more precise, workers have long been used to commuting by car. Apart from the metro and buses, cars are the most common way to commute between work and home, without which the efficiency of workers cannot be ensured and the disadvantages will outweigh the benefits.

In addition, many businesses depend on cars to transport their goods. Almost all restaurants and shops need cars to transport their products, without which the businesses cannot be maintained.

Nevertheless, there are those who argue that a car-free zone can help people develop the habit of walking or cycling. However, people can choose to incorporate these forms of exercise into their routines if they wish, and it sounds ironic to prevent those who need cars for their routines from using them.  


### 真题78 - job sharing

I don't think job-sharing is a good idea because it hinders the improvement of efficiency and will lead to the argument of sharing responsibility and salary.

To be more precise, job sharing will reduce the efficiency and enthusiasm of the work. When the working time of one person ends, he has to inform the other person about his work result today to avoid repetition of labour. This leads to a decrease in efficiency and hinders the enthusiasm of the other person.

In addition, job-sharing means sharing responsibilities and salaries. It's hard to decide whether the employer should give a bonus to both workers if one of them behaves well, and the same goes for publishing.

Nevertheless, some people say that job sharing leads to a more fulfilling life for many people. However, half the salary and half the sense of achievement may work against this.