---
title: 托福写作范文
mathjax: true
date: 2024-08-21 21:31:37
tags: 托福写作
categories:
- 托福
- 写作
cover:
---
- [Education](#education)
  - [Develoment](#develoment)
    - [TPO - 55 - Field Trip](#tpo---55---field-trip)
    - [TPO - 56 - History](#tpo---56---history)

# Education

## Develoment

### TPO - 55 - Field Trip

I believe that field trips are essential for students since it provides unique experience to students, which can **deepen their insights into** the world.

To be more specific, field trips **give students the opportunity to** have hands-on experiences **tailored to** them instead of repetitive **routine of** their school life, enriching their childhood and **broadening their horizons**. For example, a visit to  the zoo allows students to recognise various real animals in the world, **rather than** articulating the name of the animal through the picture.

Still, a voice arises that students can learn just as effectively in the classroom, using **the wealth of** online resources. However, compared to the real world, online resources updated years ago do not **deserve to be** abundant. Furthermore, some people hold the opinion that field trips can be a burden on schools and families. Ironically, such costs are nothing compared to the lifelong regret of **monotonous** experience.

### TPO - 56 - History
I believe that the study of history should be compulsory for all university students, since students can learn lessons from history, and thus become more competitive in today's rapidly changing world. 

To be more specific, history teaches students about the law of successes and failures in the past society, which can broaden their horizons and deepen their insights into their majority. For instance, Edison was famous for his invention of bulb with a series of repeated failures. While all students can learn the lesson of persistence, those studying technology would have exotic thoughts - mathematical tools can be used for experimentation, thus reducing the cycle of invention. 

Nevertheless, some may claim that students can not benefit from history of other majority, for example ,student majored in engineering would not learn lessons from studying ancient civilizations. However, as shown above, some lessons in history are common to all students, while particularly beneficial to those studying the same subject.

### TPO - 59 - Lands
I believe that saving land for animals is the most important thing, because protecting endangered animals is just protecting the future of humans. 

To be more precise, the use of land should prioritise the existence of humans and then the needs. However, if we use land for the needs of humans preferentially rather than the existence of animals, the cost is the future life of the next generation. For example, the extinction of an endangered species damages the long-term health of the ecosystem because each species plays an important role in the food chain. While the animals at the bottom of the chain are dying out, humans, the species at the top of the chain, will undoubtedly face extinction. 

However, there are those who argue that more land is needed to support the growing human population. However, there are ways in which we can control the population and opportunities for **peaceful coexistence** with other animals. If we only use land for **short-term gain**, the future could become increasingly bleak.