---
title: 托福写作
mathjax: true
date: 2024-08-21 21:31:37
tags: 托福写作
categories:
- 托福
- 写作
cover:
---
- [参考资料](#参考资料)
- [学术写作](#学术写作)
  - [题型](#题型)
  - [结构](#结构)
  - [Sample 1 - Comparison](#sample-1---comparison)
  - [Sample 2 - Evaluation](#sample-2---evaluation)
  - [Sample 3 - Argument](#sample-3---argument)
  - [Sample 4 - Solution](#sample-4---solution)
- [综合写作](#综合写作)
  - [题型](#题型-1)
  - [材料结构](#材料结构)
  - [文章结构](#文章结构)
  - [Sample - Opposite - TPO 40](#sample---opposite---tpo-40)



# 参考资料
[Vince9120 学术讨论 Academic Discussion](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1UJ411T7oN?vd_source=2ddb1e48e3e21ea6074f2c5205ecb7dc)

Vince9120 综合写作 Integrated Writing。此部分被UP下架，但仍有完整版视频。

# 学术写作
第一道写作题目为学术写作（Writing for an Academic Discussion），这个新任务取代了之前的独立写作任务，旨在模拟现实情况中由老师提问、由学生主导的学术讨论。

**Time**：10 minutes;

**Words**：At least 100 words, preferably 180 words.

**Task**：
- Read the questions asked by the teacher;
- Read the response  maded by the two students;
- Express your opinion.

**Criteria:**
- Topic: 即审题立意，字数达标；
- Coherence: **亮明观点**，逻辑清晰；
- Language: 句式多样，但力求精确自然，**不要堆砌长难句**；
- Grammar: 长短糅合，减少错误。

## 题型
**Question Type:**
- Comparison: this or that?
- Evaluation: Good or Bad?
- Argument: Yes or No?
- Solution: Open.

**Topic:**
- Education: 
  - Academic Develoment;
  - Effectiveness of Study;
  - Personal/ Career Development;
  - Teamworking and communication skills.
- Work:
- Environment:
- Tech:
- Economy:
- Social 

## 结构

**Structure 1:**
- Point & Elaboration;
- Further Elaboration;
- (Example);
- Concession.
- (Conclusion)

**Structure 2:**
- Point 1 & Elaboration;
- Further Elaboration;
- Point 2 & Elaboration;
- Further Elaboration;

**Structure 3:**
- Point 1 & Elaboration;
- Further Elaboration;
- Sublimation.

**Begin**
- I believe that ...
- I firmly hold the idea that ...
- In my opinion, ...
- As far as I am concern, ...
- It's obviously that ...

**Point then Elaboration**
- Practical experience will greatly promote / hinder students' academic development **as** they can deepen their understanding in their field of study.
- The overuse of technology will have a positive / negative impact on our personal development **since** it will hinder ourindependent thinking.
- We shall definitely prioritize economic development over environmental protection **due to the fact that** a stable economy is the very foundation of social, scientific, andindustrial development.

**Elaboration then Point**
- The fact that discussion involves active exchange of ideas between participants **indicates that** such style of learning drives us to strengthen our communication skills.

**Example**
- Substaintiation: Abstract to Concrete;
  - **For example**, the score on a mathematics test indicates if the student has complete understood formulas and theories, and if they can apply them in various conditions.
  - **For example**, college students may seek the answer to the philosophical problem “the purpose of life" on the internet instead of thinking about it by themselves, generating little value to their life and study.
- Story: Vivid with relevant details.
  - **For instance**, last week, my little niece had a homework from her biology class about animal behaviors. Instead of relying on limited knowledge on books, she used her mobile phone to search for diverse information on the internet, including why and how animals play, which earned her a good grade for the excellent work.
  - **For instance**, one of my best college courses was taught by a retired engineering from the Ford car company. The instructor frequently used vivid real stories from the manufacturing floor to attract our attention and help us understand key concepts.

**Concession then Refutation**
- **Nevertheless**, some might claim that students learn something beneficial to their life thorough their hard effort regardless of the performance. **However**, we all need tolearn from our mistakes and correct them in time, instead of persisting on wrong ideas or approaches.
- **Still**, a voice arises that the cost of attending college rises each year, and we need to start college life as soon as possible. **Ironically**, such cost is nothing compared with the life-long regret of studying a wrong major.

## Sample 1 - Comparison

Write a post responding to the professor's question.

**In your response, you should**
- express and support your opinion;
- make a contribution to the discussion in your own words.

An effective response will contain **at least** 100 words.

**Professor:**

Today, we are going to talk about grading criteria in classes. Some teachers take students' effort in class into account, and may give students good grades or scores even they have not done well in assignments or tests; other teachers give good grades only to students who have performed well in assignments and tests. Which approach do you think is better: **assessing students based only on their performance, or also based ontheir effort?**

**Student 1:**

I believe grading shall primarily be based on students performance, but hard effort should also be considered. Students learn something from their **hard work** even if they do not score so well in tests, which will **benefit them in their future life.**

**Student 2:**

Well, only performance should be considered. lt is the only **fair** solution. Why should those who submit incorrect answers on their homework get the same score as l do? The so-called hard work is not relevant.


**Model Essay 1:**

I believe grading shall focus on students' performance on assignments and tests, since it is the most effective way to measure the progress in their study.

**To be more specific**, performance on assignments and tests best reflects students' understanding of academic concepts and their problem-solving skills, which are also the objective of most courses.

**For example**, the score on a mathematics test indicates if the student has complete understood formulas and theories, and if they can apply them in various conditions.

**Still**, some might claim that students learn something beneficial to their life through their hard effort regardless of the performance. However, we all need to learn form our mistakes and correct them in time, instead of persisting on wrong ideas or approaches.

> 值得注意的是，提及教授的观点是必要的，但是学生的观点是选择性的。处于独立思考的原则，你可以反对你反对的点，却不一定要从同样的角度支持你支持的观点。比如我觉得Fair不好解释，那么就不用提及。
> 
> 本文除了从另一个角度（成绩能反应能力）支持了performance grading的观点，同时指出了另一个观点的错误，体现了题干对better的要求，或者说对比类题型的本质。

## Sample 2 - Evaluation

Write a post responding to the professor's question.

**In your response, you should**
- express and support your opinion;
- make a contribution to the discussion in your own words.

An effective response will contain **at least** 100 words.

**Professor:**

Today, we are going to discuss the transition of new graduates into university. Many new high-school graduates work, travel, or just relax for some time before they attend university, and some even take a whole year-namely the gap year. Some say they have benefited greatly from their gap year, whileothers say it is a waste of time. **What is your opinion on gap year? Does it bring more advantages of disadvantages to students?**

**Student 1:**

I am completely up for gap year. lt is a great chance for students to **reflect on** what they are going to study in the future. They can have **hands-on experience** of different fields and witness the world in their own eyes.


**Student 2:**

We need to finish university **as soon as possible** or we are wasting money. Tuition, rent, books, and everything are becoming more **expensive** every year. The money students can make in a gap year will not be able to cove the extra money to be paid later.

**Model Essay 1:**

I believe gap year will greatly promote students' academic development as students can deepen their understanding in their future filed of study.

**To elaborate**, practical experience during the gap year will help students witness the true nature of a job instead of developing impractical imagination based on their limited experience, building a real passion in their future pursuit.

**For instance**, one of my best learning  experience was an internship before college with the Ford Car Company. The experience form the manufacturing floor helpped me understand key concepts in car prouction and problems to be solved.

**Still**, a voice arises that the cost of attending college rises each year, and we need to start college life as soon as possible. **Ironically**, such cost is nothing compared with the life-long regret of studying a wrong major.

**Model Essay 2:**

I believe gap year will greatly promote students' academic development as students can deepen their understanding in their future filed of study.

**To elaborate**, practical experience during the gap year will help students witness the true nature of a job instead of developing impractical imagination based on their limited experience, building a real passion in their future pursuit.

**Moreover**, the experience of communicating with people form various backgrounds through a job or during a trip will greatly enhance students' social skills, which are essential in their future study.

**To be more specific**, students will be able to exchange ideas accurately and smoothly with other students and professors in lectures, group discussions and projects, which promotes an effective learning experience.

## Sample 3 - Argument

Write a post responding to the professor's question.

**In your response, you should**
- express and support your opinion;
- make a contribution to the discussion in your own words.

An effective response will contain **at least** 100 words.

**Professor:**

Today we will cover the business concept of employment retention and training. Even if we are able to hire the best skilled workers from the job market, businesses still need to help them develop their skills in this fast-paced society. So managers usually need to decide on what and how much training to be given to the employees. In your opinion, do you think **ongoing job training is the most important investment a business can make**?

**Student 1:**

I totally disagree with such a statement. Companies can simply find and hire the best employees from the job market. There are many aspects in which companies need to spend their money on, and we need to **save money** from training.

**Student 2:**

Training is essential to employment retention. In otherwords, we need to make every effort to make employees stay. Through training, employees will feel that they are **valued** by the company, and will thus want to **stay**.

**Model Essay 1:**

It is certain that ongoing job training is an essential part of business because it helps employees to stay competitive in today's rapidly changing world.

**To be more specific**, instead of relying on outdated skillsets,ongoing job training not only provides employees an insight into advanced strategies but also equip them with competitive technical skills, which in turn helps the company to keep vibrant. 

**For example**, the company I work for occasionally organize training on how to use the ERP(enterprise resource planning) system. Through utilizing ERP, different departments get a much better understanding of the operation of the whole organization,thus building a stronger synergy between departments and individuals.

**Still**, a voice arises that businesses can save money from training by recruiting new employees. **Ironically**, even the most talented and skilled new employees will need time and training to best adapt themselves to a new environment, which is a lot of times more expensive than ongoing job training. In addition, what is even worse is that new hires might make mistakes and potentially cause significant business losses.


## Sample 4 - Solution 

Write a post responding to the professor's question.

**In your response, you should**
- express and support your opinion;
- make a contribution to the discussion in your own words.

An effective response will contain **at least** 100 words.

**Professor:**

In this lecture, we will look into how modern consumers buy tech products. Today, when people need a tech product, such as a tablet or mobile phone, they usually find that they do not have adequate information to make the purchasing decision. In this discussion,please let us know what do you think is **the biggest mistake that people make when it comes to the purchase of tech products.** Please explain what this mistake is and why.

**Student 1:**

The biggest issue is that people **do not match what they need and what they buy.** For example, my friend got the latest release of a laptop but found that he did not need much of the fancy functions. He actually paid for what he does not need.

**Student 2:**

I think people tend to forget about the **software**. When people buy tech products, they might ignore the software that come with the hardware. For example, it might be challenging to learn a new operating system on a laptop.

**Model Essay:**

The biggest mistake in the purchase of tech products is that consumers almost always pay for what they do not need since people are easily misled by advertisements.

**To elaborate**, TV and internet commercials usually illustrate the most sophisticated and powerful functions of high-techproducts in an exaggerated manner, which are unfortunately rarely needed.

**For example**, commercials may demonstrate how a powerful laptop may solve all problems in our work and life, while we end up just using the expensive laptop with basic jobs such as editing texts and PowerPoint slides.

**Nevertheless**, some state that the biggest mistake is that the software we are familiar with might not be compatible withthe new tech products. **However**, with the development of computer science, software today can usually be used on multiple platforms. **For example**, PowerPoint can be used on both PC and Mac, and even on mobile devices.

# 综合写作
第一道写作题目为学术写作（Writing for an Academic Discussion），这个新任务取代了之前的独立写作任务，旨在模拟现实情况中由老师提问、由学生主导的学术讨论。

**Time**：20 minutes;
- Reading: 3 mins;
- Listening: 2 mins;
- Writing: 15 mins.

**Words**：At least 150 words, preferably 250 words.

>比起学术写作，综合写作的时间更加宽裕。

**Task**：
- Read the article and listen to the lecture;
- Select and present relevant information;
- Organize the information in the response.

**Criteria:**
- Content: 内容完整；
- Coherence: 逻辑清晰；
- Language: 不要求十分精彩。
>综合写作不要求展现你的语言功底，所以让模板尽可能的精彩，以完成语言任务。
## 题型
**Question Type:**
- **Opposition**: Summarize the ***points*** made in the *lecture*, being sure to explain how they ***oppose*** specific points made in the reading *passage*;
- **Problems and Solutions**: Summarize the ***points*** made in the *lecture*, being sure to explain how they answer the specific ***problems*** presented in the reading *passage*;
- **Solutions and Problems**: Summarize the ***points*** made in the *lecture*, being sure to explain how they cast ***doubt*** on specific ***solutions*** presented in the reading *passage*.

Question Type|Lecture|Article
---|---|---
Opposition|Points|Refutation
Problems and Solutions|Problems|Solutions
Solutions and Problems|Solutions|Doubts


## 材料结构

听力材料和阅读材料一定是一一对应的。可以做以下笔记框架：

Lecture|Content|Article|Content
---|---|---|---
Intro| |Intro|
Point 1| |Point 1| 
Point 2| |Point 2| 
Point 3| |Point 3| 

笔记步骤：
1. Main idea in the intro and three points;
2. Establish the coherence on each points: From facts to results(flow of idea);
3. Skim the details: Have an expectation of listening material.

听力材料一定会反对阅读材料。做笔记的步骤类似，不过着重记忆details，以实现1.5倍的比例。


## 文章结构
既然听力和阅读材料都是四段，那么写作文章也应该是四段制，每一段都要总结听力和阅读材料的观点。

**Structure**
- **Intro**:
  - In the reading material, the author cites three reasons to support the viewpoint that ... . 
  - Nevertheless, the lecturer in the listening material argues that ... , and opposes the points in the reading material.
- **Point 1**:
  - First and foremost, the author argues that ... . 
  - However, the lecturer offers an opposite stand that ... .
- **Point 2**:
  - In addition, the lecturer casts doubt on the author's another reason that ... ,
  - demonstrating that ... .
- **Point 3**:
  - Finally, the author's third reason that ... 
  - is also counteracted by the lecturer who points out that ... .

>注意，阅读材料部分和听力材料部分的比例大概是1：1.5或1：2，因为提出反对的听力材料总是更重要的。除此之外，在模板之外，还需要注意观点内部和观点之间的逻辑。

## Sample - Opposite - TPO 40

Lecture|Content|Article|Content
---|---|---|---
Intro| Venus is impossible to establish human presence |Intro| Floating Station 50 km above the surface is possible
Point 1| Atmosphere Pressure is very high and will  crush the spacecraft |Point 1| Atmosphere Pressure at 50 km is equal to that on the earth
Point 2| No water |Point 2| Water and Oxygen can be made from chemicals
Point 3| Little sunlight|Point 3| Considerable at 50 km high

**Model Essay:**

In the reading material, the author cites three reasons to support the viewpoint that the conditions on Venus are too extreme and inhospital, which makes permanent human presence on Venus impossible. **Nevertheless**, the lecturer in the listening material argues that constructing a floating station 50 km above the surface of Venus would overcome the challenges, and opposes the points in the reading material.

**First and foremost**, the author argues that the atmospheric pressure on Venus is 90 times that of Earth and will crush any spacecraft that land on it. **However**, the lecturer offers an opposite stand that although the atmospheric pressure is too high on the surface of Venus, it is much low at a high altitude- 50 km above the surface. At this level, the pressure is about the same as that on Earth, and poses no danger.

**In addition**, the lecturer casts doubt on the author's another reason that there is no water on the surface or in the atmosphere of Venus, so the purpose of a permanent station is defeated as water and oxygen need to be suplpied from Earth; the lecturer also demonstrates that water and oxygen can be made out of chemical compounds from Venus's atmosphere. Compounds such as carbon dioxide and a certain acid can be processed to produce oxygen and water, and thus there is no need to import them from Earth.

**Finally**, the author's third reason that little sunlight reaches Venus's surface blocked by thick clouds and CO2 makes generating electricity from solar power cells impossible is also counteracted by the lecturer who points out that at 50 km above Venus's surface, cloud is not as thick as on the surface. **In addition**, at this height there is also more reflected light from clouds above and below. **Therefore**, adequate electricity can be generated to power the floating station.

# 逻辑连接词

逻辑关系|连词作用|介词作用|副词作用
-|-|-|-
原因|because<br>since<br>for<br>as|because of<br>due to<br>owning to<br>on account of<br>as a result of<br>by reason of<br>thanks to<br>on the grounds of<br>by virtue of<br>given that|
结果|so||therefore<br>thereby<br>thus<br>hence<br>as a result<br>as a consequence<br>consequently<br>accordingly
转折|but<br>while<br>yet<br>whereas||however<br>nonetheless<br>nevertheless<br>still
对比|while<br>whereas||on the contrast<br>by contrast
并列|and<br>both<br>either<br>neither<br>as well as<br>not only ... but also||
递进||Apart from<br>besides|moreover<br>furthermore<br>in addition<br>additionally<br>besides<br>also<br>more importantly<br>worse still<br>what's worse<br>likewise<br>not to mention
让步|although<br>though<br>even if<br>even though<br>while|Notwithstanding<br>in spite of<br>despite|Admittedly
条件|if<br>unless<br>as long as<br>when<br>on condition that<br>provided that<br>supposing that||
目的|in order that<br>so that<br>for the purpose that|in order to<br>so as to<br>for the purpose of|
总结|||on the whole<br>to sum up<br>in summary<br>in conclusion<br>to conclude<br>in a nutshell<br>ultimately<br>in the final analysis
解释|||to specify<br>to be more specific<br>to illustrate<br>to elaborate<br>in this case<br>in other words
举例||such as|for example<br>for instance


>这是很好区分的：连词顾名思义，是连接同样成分（单词，短语和从句）的词语，基于其不同的主次，可以分为并列连词和从属连词；介词则用于连接名词；副词则用于修饰句子。