---
title: 考前必背
mathjax: true
date: 2024-10-25 22:54:04
tags: 托福
categories: 托福
cover:
---
# 阅读

注意最后一题不选细节。


# 听力

放松，做笔记以提醒，当作平时听课。

# 口语

## 万能理由

1. Time
I prefer to ... , because I think ... can save a lot of time in my daily life. As we all know, time is so important in these days. We can do more things and learn more skills if we can be efficient, which can be ensured by ... .
2. Money
I prefer to ... , because I think ... can save a lot of money in mydaily life. As we all know, money is so important in these days. If we can save money, we can do more things and learn more skils with the limited amount of money. And the situation in ... is economical and benefits me a lot.
3. Emotion
Well, regardless of the choice, I believe that personal feelings are the most important thing. I prefer to ..., because it can make me happy and improve my daily life. As an independent person, l learn to be responsible for my choice. And I prefer to just follow my heart and respect my emotions. ... can let me feel happiness for several days or even for weeks, so I would like to choose ....


## 观点展开
### Personal
1. Holistic Development
2. Motivation
3. Making Friends
4. Resiliance
5. Efficiency
6. Time management
7. Independece
### Study
1. Team work
2. Efficiency
3. Diverse perspective
4. Communication
### Environment
1. Food Chain
2. Ecosystem
3. Habitat
4. Relaxing Field
### Work
1. Team Work
2. Independece
3. Creative and Innovation

## Task2
- Summary:
  - School's Announcement: According to the passage, the university plans to ... because [**reason1**] and [**reason2**].
  - Students' Proposal: A student propose that the university should ... because [**reason1**] and [**reason2**].
- State:
  - The man agrees/ disagrees with the idea.
- Explain:
  - Firstly, he thinks that ...
  - Secondly, he believes that ...

## Task3
- Definition:
  - The reading passage introduces the concept of [**concept**], which means [**definition**].
- Illustration:
  - In the lecture, the professor illustrated the concept with an example of [**example**].
- Example:
- Conclusion:
  - This exampel of [**example**] perfectly demonstrates the idea of [**concept**] by showing [**example&concept**].

## Task4
- Summary:
  - The lecture discusses the 2 [**aspects**] of [**toppic**]
- Aspect 1:
  - The first [**aspect**] is ...
  - For instance, [**example**]
- Aspect 2:
  - The second [**aspect**] is ...
  - For instance, [**example**]

# 写作
## Integrated
- **Intro**:
  - In the reading material, the author cites three reasons to support the viewpoint that ... . 
  - Nevertheless, the lecturer in the listening material argues that ... , and opposes the points in the reading material.
- **Point 1**:
  - First and foremost, the author argues that ... . 
  - However, the lecturer offers an opposite stand that ... .
- **Point 2**:
  - In addition, the lecturer casts doubt on the author's another reason that ... ,
  - demonstrating that ... .
- **Point 3**:
  - Finally, the author's third reason that ... 
  - is also counteracted by the lecturer who points out that ... .

## Discussion
**Begin**
- As far as I am concern, ...

**Point then Elaboration**
- Practical experience will greatly promote / hinder students' academic development **as** they can deepen their understanding in their field of study.
- The overuse of technology will have a positive / negative impact on our personal development **since** it will hinder ourindependent thinking.
- We shall definitely prioritize economic development over environmental protection **due to the fact that** a stable economy is the very foundation of social, scientific, andindustrial development.

**Elaboration then Point**
- The fact that discussion involves active exchange of ideas between participants **indicates that** such style of learning drives us to strengthen our communication skills.

**Example**
- Substaintiation: Abstract to Concrete;
  - **For example**, the score on a mathematics test indicates if the student has complete understood formulas and theories, and if they can apply them in various conditions.
  - **For example**, college students may seek the answer to the philosophical problem “the purpose of life" on the internet instead of thinking about it by themselves, generating little value to their life and study.
- Story: Vivid with relevant details.
  - **For instance**, last week, my little niece had a homework from her biology class about animal behaviors. Instead of relying on limited knowledge on books, she used her mobile phone to search for diverse information on the internet, including why and how animals play, which earned her a good grade for the excellent work.
  - **For instance**, one of my best college courses was taught by a retired engineering from the Ford car company. The instructor frequently used vivid real stories from the manufacturing floor to attract our attention and help us understand key concepts.

**Concession then Refutation**
- **Nevertheless**, some might claim that students learn something beneficial to their life thorough their hard effort regardless of the performance. **However**, we all need tolearn from our mistakes and correct them in time, instead of persisting on wrong ideas or approaches.
- **Still**, a voice arises that the cost of attending college rises each year, and we need to start college life as soon as possible. **Ironically**, such cost is nothing compared with the life-long regret of studying a wrong major.






